Update screenshot to Query Count (#3026)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/account-management/data-usage.md

products: [cloud]
---

> View the statistics of your data usage and rate limit through our Usage page. Cloud Usage tracks several metrics, some of which are pricing vectors that affect monthly costs and others that do not. For more information, see the [pricing plans](/influxdb/cloud/account-management/pricing-plans/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the statistics of your data usage and rate limits (reads, writes, and delete limits) on the Usage page. Some usage data affects monthly costs (pricing vectors) and other usage data, including delete limits, does not affect pricing. For more information, see the [pricing plans](/influxdb/cloud/account-management/pricing-plans/). 
```
